[Music]
What do a cliff diver, a pop star, and a
porn actress all have in common?
I'm Only Fans. Only Fans is me.
>> Only Fans is not where you go to get
famous. Only Fans is where you go to get
paid.
>> What's so great about Only Fans is you
can pay creators directly and you know
that it's going to that creator.
>> Only Fans has emerged as the biggest and
most interesting of these
subscriptionbased creator platforms.
They've paid their creators uh more than
$20 billion and they've got 380 million
users, which is a little bit more than
the population of the United States. The
overwhelming majority of their content
is adult content.
>> And despite what Only Fans says is
rigorous oversight, it has attracted
some of the worst actors with
allegations of sexual abuse,
exploitation, and violence.
>> The worst accusations around the company
uh are around child sexual abuse
material. As with any platform that then
becomes very lucrative, you have a lot
of other unscrupulous people who see an
opportunity to make a buck. This is one
of those byproducts of social media and
of sex industry in particular as they
aim to clean up their act and
potentially put a multi-billion dollar
sale on the table. Only fans could face
some obstacles from financial opacity to
concerns over content moderation. While
the platform is legal, they still have
their work cut out for them. Financial
institutions in general are wary of
being in business with adult content.
>> So, can Only Fans become the Netflix of
the creator economy? Or is it destined
to remain the world's biggest porn
empire?
>> Only Fans keeps trying to be something
more than a porn site, but it has thus
far failed to shed that label.
[Music]
The story of Only Fans is still a bit of
a mystery to most people.
We know that Only Fans was founded by
Tim Stokeley in 2016. We know that he
sold a majority stake in the company to
the investor Leo Riddinsky in 2018.
Since then, Rinsky is the majority
shareholder.
>> Rinsky is such an interesting character.
He doesn't do a lot of interviews. He's
not very public. But what we do know
about him, he is an engineer, an
entrepreneur. He got his start doing
some of these cam sites in the early
2000s.
The dividend that Redinsky gets is truly
extraordinary. He's become a billionaire
off of the site.
>> They say very little about how the
economics of it work. Their net revenue
is between 1.2 and 1.4 billion and their
profit is about half that. So that's a
margin of like 50% which is pretty much
unheard of. Other than that, we don't
know a whole lot.
>> What we do know is how Only Fans makes
its money and it's by taking a
percentage of what fans directly pay
their favorite creators.
So Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok,
YouTube, these are all advertisement
built businesses. Advertising requires
you to appeal to hundreds of thousands
if not millions of people. Whereas you
can make pretty good money charging
2,000 people or 5,000 people the right
amount of money. Only Fans opened up a
whole new way for this sort of emerging
class of content creators to charge
their most passionate fans for things.
>> Hi.
Hi. My name is Addis Fuchche. First and
foremost, I'm a Virgo, but also I'm an
adult performer. I'd say a solid half of
my income comes from Only Fans. So, he's
buying these messages. We're texting.
And then he sent a little tip. My
journey into adult content actually
started with Only Fans. I actually
joined after the pandemic. I thought
that Only Fans was really appealing and
really cool and really accessible to me.
So, I thought, why not try it? And here
we are 3 years later.
Only fans have really democratized who
can be a porn star and who can monetize
off of their sexuality.
[Music]
[Applause]
Sure, we all know sex sells and it's
made Only Fans a very successful
company, but questions remain about how
much they can grow without either more
capital or a sale. When Only Fans tried
to sell itself earlier this year, it was
asking for a price of $8 billion,
which was about the value of the recent
merger of Paramount and Sky Dance.
>> But anybody who has sold anything knows
um sort of your asking price and what
you actually sell for can be very
different things. There's not a big
public bidding process for the company
yet. So whether it would actually be an
attractive target for an acquirer,
especially at that price, really remains
to be seen. Its true value could hinge
upon whether or not the platform could
move beyond its roots.
>> If they can become a site that anyone
and everyone uses to sell subscriptions,
it opens them up to just a much bigger
market. It also makes it much easier for
them to do deals with traditional
financial institutions.
>> Mainstream creators and celebrities are
increasingly joining Only Fans and some
are using a body positive approach to
make the platform work for them.
I am making more money from a handful of
fans on only fans versus like the
millions of fans that I have worldwide
listening to my music. The cost of
everything that it takes to tour has
gone up quite drastically. Yet musicians
wages have not. And so lots of bands are
finding themselves in positions where
they cannot afford to go on tour. Here I
am outside the Spotify building. Pay
your artist fairly. You're unethical.
>> The streamers and the major labels are
stealing from artists. My song
foundations has over 100 million
streams.
[Music]
>> You'd think I'd be a millionaire. I'm
not.
>> That's because Spotify pays between 0.3
and 5 cents per stream. So you'd need
around 500,000 streams per month to get
the equivalent of a US minimum wage. And
that's before label cuts, management
fees, and publishing splits.
>> I play shows and I wear clothes where it
might be revealing. I'm used to sort of
being exposed. I'm I use my body as part
of my work, as part of entertainment
quite a lot. And I thought it would be
quite fun to to start the Only Fans
account on the first day of the tour and
call it Butts for Tour buses and sell
pictures of my bum
and just see what happens.
>> I'm here with Butts for Tour buses.
butts for tour buses.
>> My new campaign, you may have heard
about it.
>> I caused a media frenzy.
>> It's an exploitative industry that's
making it harder and harder for anyone
to do music. And I think that's wrong.
And that's why I'm selling pictures of
my bum.
[Music]
>> Feeling cut out of mainstream industries
is driving all sorts of creators to take
the leap.
3, two, one, send it. Woohoo!
>> My name is Ellie Smart and I'm a
professional cliff diver.
Ellie, stop.
>> I rely on Only Fans for over 50% of my
income right now. There's not always a
lot of money in these small niche
sports. Exploring different ways to make
side income is very, very important.
A lot of my content was being taken and
shared in so many different platforms,
but I didn't see any money or, you know,
really any results or perks of those
videos being shared. I'm not feeling
that,
which led me to Only Fans.
>> Content like Ellie's plays into the push
Only Fans has made to make the platform
more safe for work. They've been really
pushing hard into things like personal
trainers and chefs and stand-up
comedians
and sort of safe for work content.
They've got something called Only Fans
TV which is supposed to be just safe for
work.
>> Hi OFTV.
>> The pivot that they're attempting is the
same pivot they've been attempting for 3
or 4 years which is we are not just
porn. Oft
Hollywoodike programming. It remains
unclear how popular any of this is.
>> Despite the OFTV launch, we know that
most of their content is adult content.
>> With that comes a reputation that might
be hard to shake.
>> Popularity of Only Fans has gone a long
way toward reducing the stigma of doing
uh sort of sex work or or nude modeling,
but that definitely still is there.
>> Were teachers by day and Only Fans stars
by night.
I personally don't do any nudity or porn
or anything like that, but as a
professional athlete, I am literally in
a swimsuit all the time. Like, I am
already pretty much, you know, naked.
How silly is that that you can post it
on one place for free and it's totally
okay, but then society can have a
different opinion when you post it and
you actually profit off of your hard
work.
>> I don't think that the stigma is
necessarily gone. I think that there's
just more people who are making more
money despite the stigma. You just have
to push past it.
>> How are you?
>> Only Fans does have reputational
challenges, which is why when they have
tried to raise outside capital, it's
been hard. There's already the sort of
uneasiness in some circles with the very
notion of pornography. But then you fold
in all the things that may be happening
on the platform that you're not aware
of. You might not even find out until
after you own it. I don't like it.
>> Such due diligence could unearth serious
allegations made about Only Fans in the
past.
>> The BBC and Reuters have done quite a
lot of investigations into issues on
Only Fans, including a problem with
child sexual abuse material,
non-consensual videos showing up on the
platform,
an investigation into police reports
where a woman said her rape was uh
broadcast on Only Fans. Only Fans is
being used uh by children. Uh children
on occasions are being blackmailed uh
and exploited.
>> We go above and beyond what many other
social media platforms do in terms of
the content moderation. We review every
single piece of content that appears on
the Only Fans platform. A 2024 report by
the National Center for Missing and
Exploited Children attributed 352 of the
20.5 million reports of suspected child
sexual exploitation to Only Fans.
In 2025, Only Fans was fined over a
million pounds for breaches relating to
age verification. Only Fans accepted the
findings and changed its policy. Only
Fans has so much at stake with making
sure that none of the content is
illegal, that it all meets their
standards.
They have a process in place. It's
actually pretty rigorous. When you set
up an account, you have to have proof of
your identity. So, you have to have a
driver's license. You have to take a
selfie with your driver's license. You
have to give them your social security
number. You have to do a selfie check-in
periodically after you have a creator
account to prove that you are still who
you say you are.
[Music]
>> Like what I really like about On Fans is
I'm in complete control. It would be
great if people could start actually
having less shame and if we could
support people creating their own
content.
Don't think Only Fans needs to hide what
the majority of their content base is.
It's creating a lot of great livelihoods
for millions of people around the world.
I think that they're only going to
continue to grow and become a really big
media empire.
>> Despite the controversies, they're
definitely a huge part of the creator
economy and a big cash machine for their
owner.
>> The business as it is makes so much
money. It's very sustainable and and
probably will continue to be for the
foreseeable future.
You made the fun
you made the fun you.
[Music]